mall The Mall
You are standing in front of an open field, facing west toward Hamerschlag Hall. Doherty Hall stands to your north, and Baker Hall to your south.
west outsidehh
north doherty1west
south baker
east cfalawn
item pamphlet
itembrief pamphlet A pamphlet is lying on the ground.
facing west

outsidehh West Mall
You stand facing west at the base of a grassy hill, looking up at Hamerschlag Hall. Porter Hall is to your south, and Wean Hall is to your north.
south porter
north laprima
east mall
facing west
door west hamerschlag
doorsay IfClosed west "The door to Hamerschlag Hall seems to be locked."

doherty1west Doherty Hall
You're inside Doherty Hall. You see grass and cloudy skies through a door to the south. Stairs lead up and down.
south mall
up doherty2west
down dohertyawest

doherty2west Doherty Hall
You're inside Doherty Hall. A staircase is next to you, going both directions. There's a pair of double doors to the west, a lecture hall to your south, and a long corridor to your east.
west liminal7
south dh2315
east doherty2bridge
up doherty3west
down doherty1west

outsidelaprima La Prima Patio
You're outside an imposing brutalist structure, in an outdoor spot on the Mall overlooking Baker-Porter to your south. You see the counter of La Prima through glass doors to your north.
south outsidehh
north laprima

laprima La Prima
You're in a coffee shop, which would ordinarily be bustling with people. The counter is to the west. You see elevators to your north, and the Mall to your south through a pair of glass doors.
north wean5south
south outsidelaprima
west laprimacounter

laprimacounter La Prima Counter
You stand up against the counter to La Prima. A large parcel on a wooden pallet blocks your path to the north.
north "You try to push your way through, but the box is too large."
east laprima
south outsidelaprima
west "You try to climb over the counter, but are blocked by strategically placed coffee-brewing devices."

cfalawn CFA Lawn
You're in the middle of a field, with sparse trees around its edges. You see the Mall to your west, punctuated by the tower of Hamerschlag Hall, and opposite the College of Fine Arts to your east. The Fence and the Cut are to your north, and Hunt Library is to your south.
west mall
east cfabuilding
north thefence
south outsidehunt

outsidehunt Outside Hunt Library
In front of you, just to your south, stands Hunt Library, with its facade of glass and steel. A sidewalk to your east runs alongside the College of Fine Arts, and the CFA Lawn is to your north.
south hunt1
east hunttopeace
north cfalawn
west baker

thefence The Fence
You behold the Fence, which is painted with three mysterious letters: "KGB". Lawns sprawl out in all directions, except west, where Doherty Hall stands.
west doherty1
north thecutsouth
south cfalawn
east cfaparkinglot

doherty1 Doherty Hall
You're inside Doherty Hall. A door to your east leads outside, and the hall continues west.
east thefence
west doherty1stairs
south dohertywarmstairs1
north doherty1cheme

doherty1stairs Doherty Hall
You're inside Doherty Hall. A staircase is next to you, going both directions. A door to the north seems to open into a larger space.
north doherty1
up doherty2
down dohertyastairs

doherty2 Doherty Hall
You're inside Doherty Hall. A staircase is next to you, going both directions. There's a long corridor to your west, and a lecture hall to your south.
up doherty3
down doherty1stairs
west doherty2bridge
south dh2210

thecutsouth The Cut South
Sidewalks criss-cross the lawn you're standing on. The Fence is to your south, and the Cut continues to the north.
north thecutnorth
south thefence
east tenniscourts
west dohertyjungle "You make your way down a staircase, which descends into a dense forest."

thecutnorth The Cut North
You find yourself on a lawn to the north of the Fence, between it and Walking to the Sky. To your west is the Purnell Center, and to your east is a sidewalk outside the University Center.
north walkingtothesky
south thefence
west purnell
east ucsidewalk

walkingtothesky Walking to the Sky
You're on the north end of the Cut. You admire a tall steel pole rising into the sky, with statues walking up it, and after a second you realize the other admirers are statues as well. You wonder what Medusean beast was responsible for this. The University Center is to your east, and Forbes Avenue is just to your north.
north forbescut
south thecutnorth
west warner
east ucfromthecut
up "You too try to walk up the pole, but find it far too slippery." NOTE magnet boots

forbescut Forbes Ave
You stand on the sidewalk along Forbes Avenue. Morewood Avenue is to your north, and the Cut is to your south.
north morewoodsouth
south thecut
east forbesbeeler
west forbestepperquad

forbestepperquad Forbes Ave
You stand on the sidewalk along Forbes Avenue. The Tepper Quad is to your north, and a path winds to the south.
north tepperquad
south westquad
east forbescut
west forbestepper

forbestepper Forbes Ave
You stand on the sidewalk along Forbes Avenue. The Tepper School of Business is to your north, and Hamburg Hall is to your south. You see more of campus to the east.
north coulterwc
south hamburg
east forbescyert
west forbesoverneville

morewoodsouth Morewood Ave
You stand on the sidewalk along Morewood Avenue, which runs north-south. Morewood E-Tower and Morewood Gardens are to your west, and the Greek Quad is to your east.
west morewoodgardens
east greekquad
north morewoodstever
south forbescut

morewoodstever Morewood Ave
You stand on the sidewalk along Morewood Avenue, which runs north-south. Stever House is to your west.
west steveralley
north morewoodmudge
south morewoodsouth

morewoodmudge Morewood Ave
You stand on the sidewalk along Morewood Avenue, which runs north-south. Mudge House is to your west. You see a busy street to the north.
west mudge
north morewoodfifth
south morewoodstever

morewoodfifth Morewood Ave & Fifth Ave
You stand at the intersection of Morewood Avenue and Fifth Avenue. You see campus in the distance to the south, and a few residence halls to your west.
north morewoodnorth
south morewoodmudge
west fiftheast
east "Construction blocks your path."

morewoodnorth Morewood Ave
You stand on the sidewalk along Morewood Avenue, on a hill which descends to the north. A busy street is to the south.
north ellsworth
west ellsworth
south morewoodfifth

ellsworth Ellsworth Ave
You decide to turn west onto Ellsworth Avenue.
west clyde
south morewoodnorth
east morewoodnorth

clyde West of Clyde House
You find yourself outside Clyde House, a small brick building overshadowed by Cathedral Mansions.
north northclyde
south southclyde
east "You try the front door, but it's locked."
west fifthclyde

northclyde North of Clyde House
You are facing the north side of a brick house. There is no door here, although there is a strange window below ground level, visible in a deep gutter.
north cathedralmansions
south "You try walking south, and fall into the hole. The window is too cloudy to see through, so you clamber out."
west clyde
east behindclyde

behindclyde Behind Clyde House
You are behind Clyde House. A questionably constructed wooden ramp leads up to a back door, next to a bike rack. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. The Fifth and Clyde residence hall is to your south.
north northclyde
south southclyde
east clydekitchen NOTE make sure window is opened
west cathedralmansions
NOTE bike rack

southclyde South of Clyde House
You are facing the south side of a brick house. There is no door here, and the windows are out of reach.
north "The windows are out of reach."
south fifthclyde
east fiftheast
west behindclyde

clydekitchen Clyde House Kitchen
You are in the kitchen of Clyde House. A passage leads to the west and a doorway to a larger space is to your north, through which you can see a grand staircase. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open.
NOTE handle closing window, food on table
north clydecommons
east behindclyde NOTE window
west clydelaundry
up NOTE unknown
down NOTE unknown

fifthclyde
NOTE unfinished
north northclyde

steveralley Stever Alley
You're in an alley on the southern side of Stever House. A door to your north is propped open, and the alley runs east-west.
north steverbasement
west morewoodparking
east morewoodstever

steverbasement Stever Basement
You're in a cluttered basement, with pipes running along the ceiling. There are many doors on the wall to the east.
west steverelevator
east kage
south steveralley
north "Your path is blocked by boxes of clutter."
NOTE up: use elevator?

kage Kage
You find yourself in the Kage, a concrete-walled storage room full of wood and rusty tools. You notice a grate on the wall to the south.
item crowbar
west steverbasement
south "You cannot find a way to open the grate." NOTE screwdriver?
NOTE south ciacage
NOTE helpful note when trying to open grate with screwdriver

ciacage CIA Cage
You're in another concrete room, with a strong smell of spray paint. You feel you shouldn't be here.
item sharpies
north kage
west steverbasement

baker Baker Hall
You're on the first floor of Baker Hall. A long corridor slopes downward to the west, toward Porter Hall. To your south is the Dietrich Success Center.
east outsidehunt
west bakertrapdoors
north mall
south dietrichadvisory

dietrichadvisory Dietrich Success Center
You find yourself in a welcoming office.
item dscoffee
itembrief dscoffee Nobody's around, but a cup of coffee on a desk is still steaming.
NOTE some sort of item for advancement
north baker

bakertrapdoors Baker Hall Corridor
You're midway through the sloping main hall of Baker. Porter Hall is to your west. You notice heavy iron trapdoors in the floor.
north mall
east baker
west porter1
door down bakersteamtnl
doorkeyitem down crowbar

porter1 Porter Hall
You're on the first floor of Porter Hall. A stairway leads up and down.
up porter2
down porter

porter Porter Hall
You're on floor A of Porter Hall. A stairway leads up, and the mall is to your north.
north outsidehh
up porter1
east "Your path is blocked by a strange door." NOTE add key
west ansysa

wean5south Wean 5 Lobby South
La Prima is to your south, and hallways go in various directions.
north wean5north
south laprima
east wean5400
west wean5100
up wean6south
down wean4south

wean5north Wean 5 Lobby North
Stairs go up and down. A wall is covered in posters, including one advertising "KGBuggy" in the "Kage", a mysterious location under Stever House. Hallways go in various directions.
south laprima
west wean5200
east wean5300

wean5100 Wean 5100 Corridor
You're in a corridor west of the lobby. A short hallway cuts through to the 5200 corridor to your north.
north wean5200
south wean5stairs100
east wean5south
west scottfromwean5 NOTE fix name

wean5200 Wean 5200 Corridor
You're in a corridor west of the lobby, which joins with the 5100 hallway further to your west. To your north and south are the Windows and Mac clusters.
north windowscluster
south maccluster
east wean5north
west wean5100

wean5300 Wean 5300 Corridor
You're in an uninteresting corridor east of the lobby. A sign points to Doherty A to your east. A bulletin board to your south displays skibidi pride flags.
west wean5north
east liminalground
north wean5stairsa2
item wean5bulletinboard
item skibidimsmflag
item skibidilesbianflag
item skibiditransflag
item skibidiagenderflag
item estrogencookiesad

wean5400 Wean 5400 Corridor
You're in a corridor east of the lobby, which oversees Sorrels Library to the south. A sign points to Doherty A to your east.
west wean5south
east liminalground
south "Surely you can find a way to Sorrels that doesn't involve falling such a distance."
north wean5403

wean5403 Wean 5403
You're in a room with doors to the south. "KGB Trivia Night" is written on the blackboard, and a strange humming noise is present.
item sippysips
item nummynums
south wean5400

wean4north Wean 4 Lobby North
Stairs go up and down. A bridge to your north crosses to Newell-Simon Hall, and hallways go in various directions.
west wean4200
east wean4300
south wean4south
north nshoverlook
up wean5north
down wean3north

wean4south Wean 4 Lobby South
Hallways go in various directions, including one partiuclarly ominous corridor to your south. Sorrels Library is to your east.
south murderhallway
north wean4north
east sorrels
west wean4west

wean4west Wean 4 Lobby West
The 4100 corridor is to your west, and Scott Hall is to your south.
west wean4100
south scottfromwean4lobby
east wean4south
north wean4north

wean4100 Wean 4100 Corridor
You're in an uninteresting corridor west of the lobby. A pair of doors to Scott Hall is further west, and a hallway to your north cuts through to the 4200 corridor.
north wean4200
south wean4stairs100
east wean4west
west scottfromwean4

wean4200 Wean 4200 Corridor
You're in an uninteresting corridor west of the lobby, which joins with the 4100 hallway further to your west.
west wean4100
east wean4north

wean4300 Wean 4300 Corridor
You're in an uninteresting corridor east of the lobby.
north wean4stairsa2
west wean4north
east dohertybmallsidewest

liminal6 Liminal Space
You're in a strange space with concrete walls and windows on two sides. A door to your west is painted with the number six, and stairs lead upward.
west wean6300
up liminal7

liminal7 Liminal Space
You're in a strange space with concrete walls and windows on two sides. A door to your west is painted with the number seven, and a door to your east with the number 2. Stairs lead up and down.
west wean7300
east doherty2west
up liminal8
down liminal6

liminal8 Liminal Space
You're in a strange space with concrete walls and windows on two sides. A door to your west is painted with the number eight, and a door to your east with the number 3. Stairs continue down.
west wean8300
east doherty3west
down liminal7

liminalground Liminal Space
You're in a strange space with concrete walls and windows on two sides. A door to your west is painted with the number five, and a door to your east with the letter A. A door to your south seems to lead outside.
west wean5300
east dohertyawest
south outsidelaprima

dohertyastairs Doherty Hall
You're inside Doherty Hall. A staircase leads upward, and another leads down to pair of red double doors with tall, narrow windows. A door to your north seems to go outside, and a hallway continues west.
west dohertyawest
north mall
up doherty1stairs
down dohertybchemehall
NOTE add fairfax vending machine!

dohertyawest Doherty Hall
You're inside Doherty Hall. A staircase leads upward, and another leads down to a small pair of red double doors with square windows. A strange set of stairs goes down a few feet to your north, and a hallway continues east.
north dohertyaphysics
west liminalground
east dohertyastairs
up doherty1west
down dohertybarthall

doherty2bridge Doherty Hall
You're inside Doherty Hall. Windows to your north overlook Gates and Purnell, and ones to your south overlook the mall and Baker. The corridor you're in runs east-west.
east doherty2
west doherty2west

cfaparkinglot CFA Parking Lot
You're in a large flat space, with the CFA building to your north. You see greenery to the west, and a road continues off to the east.
north cfabuilding
east thefence
west mmsttechst

mmsttechst Margaret Morrison Street & Tech Street
You're at the intersection of two streets. The CFA parking lot is to your west, Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall is to your north, and Posner Hall is to the south. Further east is the intersection between Margaret Morrison and Skibo.
west cfaparkinglot
east outsidehighmark
north mmrotunda
south posner

outsidehighmark Margaret Morrison Street
You stand on the sidewalk along Margaret Morrison Street. To your north is the Donner Ditch, and to your south is the Highmark Center.
north donnerditch
south highmark
west mmsttechst
east mmstskibo

mmrotunda Outside Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall
You're inside a circle, made up by the walls of MMCH and a semicircle of white columns and zebra-striped arches. Above your head is a sexist quote. The door to the building is to your north.
north mmch1
south mmsttechst
east outsidehighmark
west cfaparkinglot

dohertyjungle Wilderness
You stand in a small grove of unmaintained forest. A sidewalk wanders through the trees. A door to Doherty Hall is to the south, and a hill blocks your path to the north.
east thecutsouth "You climb a wooden staircase, and find yourself in an open space."
west schlagdriveloadingdock
south dohertyccheme

schlagdriveloadingdock Hamerschlag Drive Loading Dock
Wean Hall and Doherty Hall tower over you to your north, where you spot an unlocked door into Wean Hall. To your south, a concrete staircase leads upward, between Newell-Simon and Gates.
north wean1vestibule
south westquad "You climb the concrete staircase."
east dohertyjungle
west hhloadingdock "You wander further down Hamerschlag Drive, crossing underneath Scott Hall."

wean1stairsa2 Wean 1 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 1 is to your south. You can go up.
south wean1300
up wean15stairsa2

wean15stairsa2 Wean 1.5 Stairwell A2
A door to the loading dock is to your north. You can go up or down.
north schlagdriveloadingdock
up wean2stairsa2
down wean1stairsa2

wean2stairsa2 Wean 2 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 2 is to your south. You can go up or down.
south wean2300
up wean3stairsa2
down wean15stairsa2

wean3stairsa2 Wean 3 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 3 is to your south. You can go up or down.
south wean3300
up wean4stairsa2
down wean2stairsa2

wean4stairsa2 Wean 4 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 4 is to your south. You can go up or down.
south wean4300
up wean5stairsa2
down wean3stairsa2

wean5stairsa2 Wean 5 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 5 is to your south. You can go up or down.
south wean5300
up wean6stairsa2
down wean4stairsa2

wean6stairsa2 Wean 6 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 6 is to your south. You can go up or down.
south wean6300
up wean7stairsa2
down wean5stairsa2

wean7stairsa2 Wean 7 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 7 is to your south. You can go up or down.
south wean7300
up wean8stairsa2
down wean6stairsa2

wean8stairsa2 Wean 8 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 8 is to your south. You can go up or down.
south wean8300
up wean9stairsa2
down wean7stairsa2

wean9stairsa2 Wean 9 Stairwell A2
A door with a large 9 is to your south. You notice the stairwell has changed dimensions slightly, the roof is sloped, and graffiti written in pencil and permanent marker covers the walls. You can go down.
south "The door is locked."
down wean8stairsa2

NOTE confirm that all doors in A2 have numbers written on them, confirm lettering of stairwells

murderhallway Murder Hallway (Wean 4600 Corridor)
You're in a corridor south of the lobby, deep under the mall. You get a foreboding feeling from the concrete-brick walls.  A sign points north toward an "area of refuge", a push-door to a staircase is to your west, and a fork splits off to the east.
north murderhallwayterminus
east murderhallway4700
west wean4stairsc1
south wean4south

murderhallwayterminus Murder Hallway (Wean 4600 Corridor)
You're further down in a corridor deep under the mall. A push-door to a staircase is to your west.
south murderhallway
west wean4stairsc2

murderhallway4700 Murder Hallway (Wean 4700 Corridor)
You're in a loop just off of the main murder hallway. The corridor runs north-south.
north murderhallwayterminus
south murderhallway
west murderhallway
east "You push against an office door, but it's securely locked."